Week 1
FRIDAY:
Formed a group with Austina, Ishmam, Dominic and Summer. The group name 'JAIDS' is derived from the first letter of each member's names.
We decided to do the recipe recommendation system, and brainstormed a few novelty ideas of our own to add to the project.
As for roles, I am the scrum master of the group, with Ishmam and Summer working on the backend using Python, while Austina and Dominic do the frontend through ReactJS.
TODO:
 - Learn exactly what the scrum master's job is
 - Figure out all the tools I need to accomplish this
 - Finish setting up Jira (sprints, issues, etc.)

Week 2
MONDAY:
Attempted to set up GitHub for Jira, needed admin permissions so I emailed Eric to see if he could help, still awaiting a response. 
Having trouble using SSH to clone the respository, GitHub for Desktop seems to work, however.
Basic sprint layout created (3 sprint structure) with the end of each sprint as the dates for each of the demos. (A, B and final)
User stories need to be created and allocated to the sprints.

TUESDAY:
Short meeting to discuss tasks to complete by the lab on Friday to prepare for the project proposal.
Each member was assigned a different website to research and compare to our own project and everyone needs to create user stories for each requirement.

THURSDAY:
Researched myfridgefood.com, a website which allows users to input a list of their ingredients and recommends recipes based on their ingredients.
A more detailed research document was created and uploaded to the group sharepoint.
Many user stories were written and added to the sharepoint document.
Eric replied to the email sent on Monday, GitHub is now successfully integrated into Jira.

FRIDAY:
Team meeting in the morning lab. Shared our user stories, research on competitors and brainstormed potential ideas for novelty functionality.
Some ideas include:
 - Weekly meal planning
 - Shopping list
 - Macronutrient tracker (meal planning can recommend meals based on macronutrient needs)
Work for the project proposal was also delegated, I was assigned to write the description on the technologies that we plan to use, 
and background information for the proposal

Week 3
MONDAY:
Wrote up a draft for the background information and technical description, still need to refine the draft and add more
for the competitor research and technical information on the frontend. 

TUESDAY:
Group meeting to see where everyone is at for the proposal. Discussed potential interface layouts, user stories and more potential novelty ideas.

FRIDAY:
In-person lab meeting to decide on novelty ideas and update each other on our progress on the project as a whole. The proposal is essentially done
but we still need to make finishing touches and ensure the interface satisfies our user stories. I need to refine my own sections, adding in what
I've learned on the technical side and modify the background information. 
TODO:
 - Finish off my parts for the proposal
 - Set up code skeleton for the backend
     -> Data structures
     -> Requirements (libraries)
     -> Make a "readme" to help teammates set up

SUNDAY:
The necessities for the running the server have been implemented, basic class structures were created but not in detail to demonstrate how the project will be set up.
Dependencies have been installed using a virtual environment, a 'requirements.txt' and 'README.txt' were created to help other members set up their environments for
the backend. Need to have a meeting to find out what is needed of the frontend to help decide the functions on the backend.'

Meeting Sunday night to finish off the proposal.

Week 4
TUESDAY:
Sprint officially started. Team meeting to plan our objectives for the first sprint, coordinating the goals of both front and backend. 

THURSDAY:
Basic class skeleton implemented for backend. Still unsure about exactly which attributes are required, but basic setup is completed.

FRIDAY:
Team meeting in the lab to update each other on our progress. Work assigned to backend, my job is to implement user authentication functions such as registering, login and logout.

Week 5
MONDAY:
User authentication completed. Functions and enpoints defined and tested by Dominic on the frontend. Testing went well, no obvious issues with the implementation.

THURSDAY:
Team meeting to prepare for Progress Demo A, recipe contribution and manual recipe and ingredient input completed on the backend. Pickling functions for persistence is completed too. A lot of the data storage for the backend is ready, just need to connect with the frontend through endpoints and complete logical functions and fetch requests.

FRIDAY:
Created a 'recipe_contribution_format.txt' file to help team members use the recipe contribution endpoint
Progress demo in lab, with retrospective right after. Key points below.
What went well:
 - Front end looks nice aesthetically
 - Data neatly organised in backend
 - User authentication functions work very well

What didn't go well:
 - Did not write to satisfy user stories, but instead focused on functionality
 - Time management
 - Communcation between front and back end teams

To try next time:
 - Coordinate endpoint functions with frontend
 - Consistently updating Jira board
 - Communicate more often outside of meetings

Week 6
WEDNESDAY:
Added a function to retrieve the full list of ingredients in the database. The ingredients are returned inside of their categories. Also added a way to manually add
new ingredients and recipes on the backend through inputs into a terminal for testing purposes. The function asks for each of the required fields such as ingredient 
name and categories, then creates either a Recipe or Ingredient object to add to the backend.

FRIDAY:
Added password resetting functionality. Users can request a password reset by inputting their email. They will then get sent a 50 character string as a code which
they will input alongside their email and new password. If the email and reset codes match and the password is valid, their password will be updated. Changed the
'recipe_contribution_format.txt' file to 'endpoints.txt' to include all routes and included the new routes into this file.

Week 7
WEDNESDAY:
Added a function to get all the details of a recipe for the main recipe page. Still waiting on another team member to finish implementing the recipe search function.

FRIDAY:
In person lab meeting with feedback received for first demo. More focus needed on implementing specific user stories but the stories were organised in a way that made
it difficult to implement first as more supplementary features have been included in the sprint even though base functionality needs to be developed first. The
user stories were reordered to make the workflow schedule more realistic and achieveable. Recipe search function is still incomplete, so I've decided to
take responsibility for implementing it myself.

SATURDAY:
Basic recipe search function implemented. It takes a list of ingredients and filters, turns the lists into sets and performs set operations to determine if 
a user has all of the ingredients required for the recipe. Returns a list of the recipes the user can create with the given ingredients and filters. Currently, the
search function does not return the list in any specific order. Also updated the recipe contribution function to include creator id and image fields.

Week 8
TUESDAY:
Updated the recipe search function to have an additional field, 'close_recipes' which returns recipes if the user has at least 2/3 of the ingredients for the recipe.
Also added a search count for each ingredient so that whenever an ingredient is searched for, the search counter for that ingredient is incremented. Added a
second version for the ingredients list to display the search count for ingredients and sort them in descending order.

THURSDAY:
Added functionality for favouriting recipes - adding a recipe to favourites, removing it from favourites and getting a list of favourite recipes. Had a team meeting
to prepare for Demo B. Most of the backend functionality is complete but more recipes need to be added to the database.

FRIDAY:
Progress Demo B in lab followed by a retrospective. Some immediate feedback below:
 - Needs to be more responsive, too many buttons make the frontend very slow
 - Use a web scraper to add more recipes
 - More visual effects needed in response to user actions for feedback

Week 9
MONDAY:
Added user profile functions including getting details, image, tag line and description

TUESDAY:
Fixed up some meal planner functions - can now remove existing meal plans

THURSDAY:
Fixed up some of the routes using 'GET' methods

FRIDAY:
Team meeting to discuss preparation for the report and final presentation. All backend functionality has been completed, just need to clean up some code here and
there. Removed the random test recipes created from the database.

SATURDAY/SUNDAY:
Added a function to change a user's first and last name and cleaned up the code on the backend.

Week 10
MONDAY:
Previously, the only way to get a saved ingredient set is if it was requested with the name of the set. Added a function to get all of a user's saved ingredient sets.
GET routes are suddenly throwing up strange errors on the frontend so they have been changed to POST.
